MASTER KORUDA - CHARACTER DESIGN 

Optional Character :
    Master Koruda - Spirtual, combat, and philosophical guide.
    Teaches unique techniques, deeper mechanics, and life lessons. Optional bossfight.

Design :
    A weathered old man in a indigo hakama with a half-torn mantle. His white hair is tied in a topknot, barefoot.
    He wears prayer beads made of strange black cubes. His eyes are grey and calm.
    He casts no shadow.
    Occasionally can "teleport" to a different location, leaving a faint blue glow.
    His shrine has impossible geometry.

Location :
    Hidden at the top of the Indigo Hotel, his suite is wrapped in a strange fog that only clears by meditating at three shrines hidden in the hotel.
    Each shrine requires completely a small, difficult trial.

Personality :
    Calm, wise, measured.
    Never condescending, but always challenging.
    Speaks in a way that can be interpreted on multiple levels.
    Expresses both warmth and melancholy.

Backstory :
    Once a guardian, now a hermit.
    He chose to exile himself after a great defeat. 
    Discovers the world to be full of suffering, but also beauty.
    Looks further into it, discovers he is written in C and that he can view the code and events in a unique way.
    He now lives outside the narrative, observing and guiding those who seek him.

Game Mechanics :
    If you train with him, you unlock:
        Counter Meditation - Press parry just before an attack lands to gain Soul Energy.
        Empty Palm - A powerful unarmed attack that deals double damage if the opponent is guarded.

Boss Fight :
    Takes away your weapons and armor, forcing you to use only your skills.
    Uses the RPG mechanics to his advantage, allowing himself to have 2 turns per round.
    Speaks during the fight, commenting on your actions and choices.
    Does a lot of fourth wall breaking, referencing the player and the game itself.
    If you lose the fight, he won't kill you, but will instead end the fight early.
    Will comment on the fact that you reloaded a save file. "Ah, the sweet scent of a fresh start. Too bad it's not your first."
    Grants a unique item or ability as a prize for winning.

Music :
    Character Theme : weight_of_wisdom
    Battle Theme : you_know_the_drill